.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii slecompliancereport.1
.\"
.TH slecompliancereport
.SH NAME
slecompliancereport \- Check running instances in EC2 and report compliance to terms of use
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B slecompliancereport [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B slecompliancereport
Generate a compliance report for all running SUSE instance in a region.
Prior to the middle of 2019 it was possible to accidentally lose the
billing construct for on-demand instances in EC2 when creating images
from running instances. This condition supports access to the SUSE operated
update infrastructure without instances from the custom image being recognized
as SUSE on-demand instances. Instances in this state are considered to be out
of compliance. This script will report on all such instances to allow the
user to take appropriate action. Either by bringing the instance back into
compliance via a root volume swap procedure or registering the instance with
the SUSE Customer Center and treating it as a BYOS instance.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--access-id"
Specify the AWS API access key
.IP "--client-update"
Allow the automatic update of the
.I cloud-regionsrv-client
package on the systems being inspected. A version greater than 9.0.0 of the
cloud-regionsrv-client package is required to maintain access to the SUSE
update infrastructure after May 31st 2020. If the instance is in compliance
and this option is provided the package will automatically be updated. If
the option is not used instances with a
.I cloud-regionsrv-client
package version less than 9.0.0 will be included in the compliance report.
.IP "--instance-ids"
A comma separated list of instance IDs to check. If no instnace IDs are
given all instances in the given region will be checked.
.IP "--instance-user"
A user name in the instance that has password-less
.I sudo
access and that matches with the path to the private ssh key file provided.
.IP "-p --private-key-file"
Path to the private ssh key file for the instance user that has password-less
sudo access in the instances being inspected.
.IP "-r --regions"
Specify the region in which to operate. Multiple regions can be specified as
a comma separated list. If no region(s) is specified all connected regions in
the
.I standard
AWS partitions will be scanned.
.IP "-s --secret-key"
The secret AWS API key
.IP "--verbose"
Write progress information to
.I stdout
